README.md, before:

# 6502 Emulator

## Usage

### Setup
This will build cmake files and download dependencies
```bash
make setup
```

### Build
```bash
# Debug build
make debug
# Release build
make release
```

### Run Tests
This will build and run unity tests
```bash
make test
```

### Clean
This will delete generated files for debug and release
```bash
make clean
```

### Run Binary
```bash
# Debug bin
./build/debug/bin/6502
./build/debug/bin/6502_disasm
# Release bin
./build/release/bin/6502
./build/release/bin/6502_disasm
```

## Installing Dependencies

#### Arch Linux
```bash
pacman -Sy clang cmake sdl2
```

#### Ubuntu
```bash
sudo add-apt-repository -y "deb http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu `lsb_release -sc` main universe restricted multiverse"
sudo apt-get update -y -qq
sudo apt-get install clang cmake libsdl2-dev
```

## Implemented OPCODES
- [ ] ADC
- [ ] AND
- [x] ASL
- [x] BCC
- [x] BCS
- [x] BEQ
- [x] BIT
- [x] BMI
- [x] BNE
- [x] BPL
- [ ] BRK
- [x] BVC
- [x] BVS
- [x] CLC
- [x] CLD
- [x] CLI
- [x] CLV
- [ ] CMP
- [ ] CPX
- [x] CPY
- [ ] DEC
- [ ] DEX
- [ ] DEY
- [ ] EOR
- [ ] INC
- [x] INX
- [x] INY
- [x] JMP
- [x] JSR
- [x] LDA
- [x] LDX
- [x] LDY
- [x] LSR
- [x] NOP
- [ ] ORA
- [x] PHA
- [ ] PHP
- [ ] PLA
- [ ] PLP
- [x] ROL
- [x] ROR
- [x] RTI
- [x] RTS
- [ ] SBC
- [x] SEC
- [x] SED
- [x] SEI
- [x] STA
- [x] STX
- [x] STY
- [ ] TAX
- [ ] TAY
- [ ] TSX
- [x] TXA
- [x] TXS
- [x] TYA

## License
This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain
For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>

Commit message:

feat: Adds coverage (#35)
* feat: Adds coverage tests

* feat: Adds coverage tests gitignore

* docs: Adds how to generate coverage reports

* feat: Adds github/workflow for coverage

* refact: Adds only src files to coverage

* refact: Moves github wrkflow to one file

* feat: Adds codecov

README.md, after:

# 6502 Emulator

## Usage

### Setup
This will build cmake files and download dependencies
```bash
make setup
```

### Build
```bash
# Debug build
make debug
# Release build
make release
```

### Run Tests
This will build and run unity tests
```bash
make test
```

#### Code Coverage Checks
This will build and run unity tests and generate reports for coverage (depends on lcov)
```bash
make coverage
# This part is optional: Generates a html with more coverage details
genhtml build/coverage/coverage.info --output-directory build/coverage/out
```

### Clean
This will delete generated files for debug and release
```bash
make clean
```

### Run Binary
```bash
# Debug bin
./build/debug/bin/6502
./build/debug/bin/6502_disasm
# Release bin
./build/release/bin/6502
./build/release/bin/6502_disasm
```

## Installing Dependencies

#### Arch Linux
```bash
yay -Sy clang cmake lcov sdl2
```

#### Ubuntu
```bash
sudo add-apt-repository -y "deb http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu `lsb_release -sc` main universe restricted multiverse"
sudo apt-get update -y -qq
sudo apt-get install clang cmake lcov libsdl2-dev
```

## Implemented OPCODES
- [ ] ADC
- [ ] AND
- [x] ASL
- [x] BCC
- [x] BCS
- [x] BEQ
- [x] BIT
- [x] BMI
- [x] BNE
- [x] BPL
- [ ] BRK
- [x] BVC
- [x] BVS
- [x] CLC
- [x] CLD
- [x] CLI
- [x] CLV
- [ ] CMP
- [ ] CPX
- [x] CPY
- [ ] DEC
- [ ] DEX
- [ ] DEY
- [ ] EOR
- [ ] INC
- [x] INX
- [x] INY
- [x] JMP
- [x] JSR
- [x] LDA
- [x] LDX
- [x] LDY
- [x] LSR
- [x] NOP
- [ ] ORA
- [x] PHA
- [ ] PHP
- [ ] PLA
- [ ] PLP
- [x] ROL
- [x] ROR
- [x] RTI
- [x] RTS
- [ ] SBC
- [x] SEC
- [x] SED
- [x] SEI
- [x] STA
- [x] STX
- [x] STY
- [ ] TAX
- [ ] TAY
- [ ] TSX
- [x] TXA
- [x] TXS
- [x] TYA

## License
This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain
For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>
